Nissan's new notebook
The two models in the compact car called so far notebook Tiida on top of the march is to Nissan
There was an issue, but the introduction of this new note integrated the note teada
Instead, this medalist who will test drive to the note today is the advanced note of the note
When There covered by two of the basic model in addition to the
Yu Yu now line up
Today is the packaging of the new notebook
And I would like to try out what kind of fuel-efficient driving it is
First of all it was this run that was impressive first
That 1.2 liter mirror cycle pincher
This is also but I engine that was investigated is if there is strength from the 1.5-liter par of trees
Even if you just step on the slope lightly , you can climb the swissy
And cvt is Takumitsu
The speed and the ear of this enjeon
I wonder if you say that there is no other
But really that
I will also direct the run with this water vt
Also happy feeling that Do thanks to Riniagan of vt between running this crisp
I will
There are actually two types of this run
If eco Joint
The supercharger won't work if you don't step on the accelerator a little
Split and quiet a
Switch to driving mode and focus on fuel consumption
When I enter the mode, I will drive on a mountain road with many uphills in the suburbs of this day.
When it is like
Spear the light is better to run in normal mode than in Komodo
I think that it is good because there is a feeling that you are running as you expect
Then that body will continue to extremely firm
This body size is almost the same if you know the predecessor Tiida
Also
Seating position also to have also attached regulation Takada When was of course a petite person to is slightly higher
This eyes little by where I am raising is but I do not say that until the minivan for
There is a high impression
Even if I'm doing that from such a position, my feet are firmly on the ground and that extra
A car with high sex
There is no such thing as the usual sense of role
As expected
You can also run where you want to run
I was also very surprised by the room 's hardship
I like the rear seat say say very wide Kedomo that front seat I know of course
that
It's really bad feet but overhead space I know of course
And even if your baby is doing well, you can use the stroller's a and b type
Will fit sideways
Golf bag too
In that you can go to the vertical if you defeat the back seat
I feel that it will be a compact car that can be used from family to leisure
I will
In order to enhance the texture of the after
Do this um dashboard trim
That
It's a resin, so I'm new to this part
The moment I touched a little was smooth
Materials such contrivances as not Desa de Ano little cheesy glossy appearance is
Seems to be used
The maximum fuel efficiency of the notebook is 25.2
What is this yearly competition for compact cars?
I have the impression that I will become a curtain type
Well at least already this note is idle stop and then
Downsizing a constant 2 liter engine and then downsizing the transmission
It is said that it is up to 25.2 by including various techniques that can be lightened
I think that the fuel efficiency is great It is also equipped with a supercharger for this notebook.
It says 100% eco-car tax reduction is Te
This trap will also be helpless
Well that kind of economics and necessity
In terms of the latest model that combines the neighborhood there is no complaint no matter where it is really
I felt the finish